1. Write a C program to find the sum of all elements in an array.
2. Write a program to find the largest element in an array.
3. Write a C program to find the smallest element in an array.
4. Write a program to find the second largest element in an array.
5. Write a C program to find the second smallest element in an array.
6. Write a program to find the sum of elements at even indices and odd indices separately in an array.
7. Write a C program to reverse an array.
8. Write a program to check if an array is palindrome or not.
9. Write a C program to merge two sorted arrays into a single sorted array.
10. Write a program to find the frequency of each element in an array.
11. Write a C program to rotate an array by a given number of elements.
12. Write a program to find the missing number in an array of consecutive integers.
13. Write a C program to find the majority element (element that appears more than n/2 times) in an array.
14. Write a program to find the equilibrium index of an array (index where the sum of elements on the left is equal to the sum of elements on the right).
15. Write a C program to sort an array using bubble sort, selection sort, insertion sort, or any other sorting algorithm of your choice.
16. Write a program to find the intersection of two arrays.
17. Write a C program to find the union of two arrays.
18. Write a program to find the kth smallest element in an unsorted array.
19. Write a C program to find the maximum product of two integers in an array.
20. Write a program to find the maximum difference between two elements in an array such that the larger element appears after the smaller element.
21. Write a C program to find the maximum sum subarray (contiguous subarray with the largest sum) in an array.
22. Write a program to find the maximum sum subsequence (non-contiguous subsequence with the largest sum) in an array.
23. Write a C program to find the longest increasing subsequence in an array.
24. Write a program to find the longest common subsequence of two arrays.
25. Write a C program to find the longest common substring of two arrays.
26. Write a program to find the longest palindromic substring in an array.
27. Write a C program to find the maximum length of a subarray with equal number of 0s and 1s.
28. Write a program to find the maximum length of a subarray with sum equal to k.